5 sonnets generated from picking random numbers that are valid dewey decimal number and then writing a sonnet about the most famous example from each.

I. 
006.3 - Computer Programming

In the realm of coding, there’s no one more esteemed
Than Bill Gates, a genius in the art of programming.
His language of choice, BASIC, once widely acclaimed
Its concepts, in the industry, are still a-teeming.

From the early days of Microsoft, his fame did soar
Building software that changed the way we communicate.
Achievements that humbled experts, he did explore
To bring to life a digital, new estate.

The legacy of Gates endures to this day
A titan among coders, he’ll remain forever.
His innovations, like a tapestry, did lay
The path for those who seek to follow after.

He’s the poster child of computer programming
His mark on the industry will last through time.

II.
392.5 - Folk Dancing

The folk dance is a timeless and revered art
A celebration of culture in motion.
For centuries, people have taken part
In a joyous, communal devotion.

When it comes to folk dancing, no one can compare
To the famous Isadora Duncan.
Her improvisational style was so rare
Her influence is still felt, in a million.

The dances she created were often so bold
A woman of tremendous poise and grace.
She helped shape the history of the dance of old
A pioneer in the world of art and space.

Isadora Duncan is the folk dancing queen
Her mark on history will never be unseen.

III.
932 - Ancient History

The study of ancient history is a must
To gain insight into civilizations past.
One of the most renowned historians is just
Herodotus, the father of narrative's vast.

He wrote of the Greco-Persian war and more
A vast library of knowledge he did create.
His “Histories” told tales that would endure
For centuries, they would help shape the state.

The man, who so expertly wrote of times past
Was the first to truly document history.
His works gave us a view of times long gone
and revealed a tale of a mysterious mystery.

Herodotus is the father of ancient history
His works remain a must read, for all to see.

Write a rom com movie script that combines all the people referred to above

FADE IN 

EXT. STREET - DAY

We follow a young woman, AMY, walking down the street. She’s in her early twenties, dressed in a bright and colorful outfit. She’s carrying a bag full of books.

EXT. CAFE - DAY

We follow Amy as she enters a small cafe. She takes a seat at a corner table and starts to look through her books.

At the next table, BILL GATES is sitting, drinking a cup of coffee and typing away at his laptop. He’s in his mid-fifties, wearing a business suit.

Amy notices Bill and stares at him in awe, as if she’s seen a celebrity.

AMY
That’s Bill Gates!

Bill looks up and notices Amy, he smiles and gives her a friendly wave. 

BILL
Hi there! 

Amy smiles shyly and looks away.

EXT. DANCE STUDIO - DAY

We follow Amy as she enters a dance studio. Inside, we see ISADORA DUNCAN, a middle-aged woman, teaching a dance class.

Amy stands in the back, watching in awe as Isadora moves gracefully across the floor.

EXT. LIBRARY - DAY

We follow Amy as she enters a library. She walks up to a bookshelf and pulls out a book. It’s a copy of HERODOTUS’ “The Histories”.

Amy looks up in awe and smiles.

EXT. AMY’S APARTMENT - DAY

We follow Amy as she enters her apartment. She’s carrying her bag of books and wearing a big smile.

INT. APARTMENT - DAY

We see Amy in her living room, sitting on the couch with her laptop. She opens the laptop and starts typing away, writing a computer program.

EXT. PARK - DAY

We follow Amy as she walks through the park. She stops at a bench and sits down. 

Bill Gates is also sitting on the bench, looking out at the lake. He notices Amy and smiles.

BILL
Hello there. What brings you here?

AMY
I’m just taking a break from writing a computer program. I’m trying to learn more about coding.

Bill smiles and nods. 

BILL
That’s great. I’m a big fan of coding. 

Amy looks excited. 

AMY
You’re Bill Gates, aren’t you?

BILL
Yes, I am.

They smile and start talking about coding and computers. 

EXT. DANCE STUDIO - DAY

We follow Amy and Bill as they enter the dance studio. Inside, Isadora is teaching another class. 

Amy and Bill take a seat in the back and watch Isadora’s class.

EXT. PARK - DAY

We follow Amy and Bill as they walk through the park, talking and laughing. 

EXT. AMY’S APARTMENT - DAY

We follow Amy and Bill as they enter Amy’s apartment. 

INT. APARTMENT - DAY

We see Amy and Bill sitting on the couch, looking through the books Amy brought home from the library. They’re discussing Herodotus’ “The Histories”.

EXT. PARK - DAY

We see Herodotus eating a falafel wrap.

HERODOTUS
(smiling)
You two seem like you’re having a great time.

Amy and Bill look up, surprised to see Herodotus. 

AMY
Herodotus! 

They all laugh and start talking about ancient history. 

EXT. CAFE - DAY

We see Amy, Bill, Isadora and Herodotus sitting at a table in the cafe, talking and laughing.

FADE OUT.